= hazelcast-client

Connecting to a Hazelcast Cluster has never been easier!
Hazelcast::Client is a little gem that wraps the Java Hazelcast Client library into a more comfortable JRuby package.

Hazelcast is an open source clustering and highly scalable data distribution platform for Java, which is:

* Lightning-fast; thousands of operations/sec.
* Fail-safe; no losing data after crashes.
* Dynamically scales as new servers added.
* Super-easy to use; include a single jar.

== Getting started

Let's get the gem installed and test out the interactive console. Make sure you have a hazelcast cluster running
in localhost and that is using the default username and password.

  shell> rvm jruby
  shell> gem install hazelcast-client
  shell> hazelcast-client-console

  hash = @client.map :test
  hash[:a] = 1
  hash[:b] = 2

Let's open another console to check how this distributed hash works:

  shell> hazelcast-client-console

  hash = @client.map :test
  hash[:a]

  >> 1

== Client

You can get your own client by providing the group name, password and hosts:

  client = Hazelcast::Client.new 'dev', 'dev-pass', 'localhost'
  


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Adrian Madrid. See LICENSE for details.
